Title (limit 80 characters)
Create Your Own Language on JVM with ANTLR and Truffle

Abstract (limit 750 characters)
Would you like to create your own programming language and run its code on JVM? Generally there are many things to do. For example, we need a compiler and a runtime etc. With Truffle, we can easily create and run a new programming language on JVM. Truffle is a language implementation framework and an AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) interpreter. Truffle is included in GraalVM. So GraalVM can run various languages such as Ruby, Python, R etc. because those are implemented with Truffle. So all we have to do is creating an AST with Truffle. Additionally we'll use ANTLR, a parse generator library, to create an AST from our source code. After this session, you can create your own language with ANTLR and Truffle!

Session Type
Developer Session

Primary Track
Java Ecosystem

Secondary Track

Primary Audience
Developer

Presentation Summary - For evaluation only, this is an additional description of your proposal to help the reviewers better understand your submission. (limit 3950 characters)
I'd like to let an audience know that it's easy to create a new programming language with the use of ANTLR and Truffle. I've already written a sample language that can perform the four basic arithmetic operations on GitHub (https://github.com/jyukutyo/JVM-Math-Language). I'm going to add function call functionality later. I've already had a similar session at Japan Java User Group conference. Here is the slide (Japanese): https://www.slideshare.net/jyukutyo/jjug-ccc-2017-fall-jvm. I'll explain about lexer, parser, BNF, AST and Trffle DSL API. Additionally, I'll introduce Graal JIT compiler to give a description of performance improvements provided by Graal for my new language. That is one of the advantages when we create a new language on JVM. The audience will understand the power of Truffle and JVM after this session.


Experience Level
Intermediate

Enter a hyperlink to a video...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kcs2t7_VeQs
---
Koichi is a senior software engineer in Japan. He has been developed many web applications with Java for 15+ years. 
He is also a Java Champion, a leader of a JUG called KanJava in Japan, an author of several books about Java framework and a frequent conference speaker in Japan.
He loves to attend Java conferences around the world!
